README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/webpack/webpack">
    <img width="200" height="200" src="https://webpack.js.org/assets/icon-square-big.svg">
  </a>
</div>

[![npm][npm]][npm-url]
[![node][node]][node-url]
[![deps][deps]][deps-url]
[![tests][tests]][tests-url]
[![size][size]][size-url]

# awesome-worker-loader

worker loader module for webpack

Forked from [worker-loader](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/worker-loader) due to repository inactivity.

Added shared and service worker support.

## Requirements

This module requires a minimum of Node v6.9.0 and Webpack v4.0.0.

## Getting Started

To begin, you'll need to install `awesome-worker-loader`:

```console
$ npm install awesome-worker-loader --save-dev
```

### Inlined

```js
// App.js
import Worker from 'awesome-worker-loader!./Worker.js';
```

### Config

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  module: {
    rules: [
      {
        test: /\.worker\.js$/,
        use: { loader: 'awesome-worker-loader' }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

```js
// App.js
import Worker from './file.worker.js';

const worker = new Worker();

worker.postMessage({ a: 1 });
worker.onmessage = function (event) {};

worker.addEventListener("message", function (event) {});
```

And run `webpack` via your preferred method.

## Options

### `type`

Type: `string`
Default: `dedicated`
Values: `dedicated` | `shared` | `service`

Use a different worker type, i.e 'shared'

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { type: 'shared' }
}
```

### `fallback`

Type: `Boolean`
Default: `false`

Require a fallback for non-worker supporting environments

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { fallback: false }
}
```

### `inline`

Type: `Boolean`
Default: `false`

You can also inline the worker as a BLOB with the `inline` parameter

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { inline: true }
}
```

_Note: Inline mode will also create chunks for browsers without support for
inline workers, to disable this behavior just set `fallback` parameter as
`false`._

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { inline: true, fallback: false }
}
```

### `name`

Type: `String`
Default: `[hash].worker.js`

To set a custom name for the output script, use the `name` parameter. The name
may contain the string `[hash]`, which will be replaced with a content dependent
hash for caching purposes. When using `name` alone `[hash]` is omitted.

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { name: 'WorkerName.[hash].js' }
}
```

### publicPath

Type: `String`
Default: `null`

Overrides the path from which worker scripts are downloaded. If not specified,
the same public path used for other webpack assets is used.

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { publicPath: '/scripts/workers/' }
}
```

## Examples

The worker file can import dependencies just like any other file:

```js
// Worker.js
const _ = require('lodash')

const obj = { foo: 'foo' }

_.has(obj, 'foo')

// Post data to parent thread
self.postMessage({ foo: 'foo' })

// Respond to message from parent thread
self.addEventListener('message', (event) => console.log(event))
```

### Integrating with ES2015 Modules

_Note: You can even use ES2015 Modules if you have the
[`babel-loader`](https://github.com/babel/babel-loader) configured._

```js
// Worker.js
import _ from 'lodash'

const obj = { foo: 'foo' }

_.has(obj, 'foo')

// Post data to parent thread
self.postMessage({ foo: 'foo' })

// Respond to message from parent thread
self.addEventListener('message', (event) => console.log(event))
```

### Integrating with TypeScript

To integrate with TypeScript, you will need to define a custom module for the exports of your worker

```typescript
// typings/custom.d.ts
declare module "worker-loader!*" {
  class WebpackWorker extends Worker {
    constructor();
  }

  export default WebpackWorker;
}
```

```typescript
// Worker.ts
const ctx: Worker = self as any;

// Post data to parent thread
ctx.postMessage({ foo: "foo" });

// Respond to message from parent thread
ctx.addEventListener("message", (event) => console.log(event));
```

```typescript
// App.ts
import Worker from "worker-loader!./Worker";

const worker = new Worker();

worker.postMessage({ a: 1 });
worker.onmessage = (event) => {};

worker.addEventListener("message", (event) => {});
```

### Cross-Origin Policy

[`WebWorkers`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API)
are restricted by a
[same-origin policy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Same-origin_policy), so if
your `webpack` assets are not being served from the same origin as your
application, their download may be blocked by your browser. This scenario can
commonly occur if you are hosting your assets under a CDN domain. Even downloads
from the `webpack-dev-server` could be blocked. There are two workarounds:

Firstly, you can inline the worker as a blob instead of downloading it as an
external script via the [`inline`](#inline) parameter

```js
// App.js
import Worker from './file.worker.js';
```

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { inline: true }
}
```

Secondly, you may override the base download URL for your worker script via the
[`publicPath`](#publicpath) option

```js
// App.js
// This will cause the worker to be downloaded from `/workers/file.worker.js`
import Worker from './file.worker.js';
```

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { publicPath: '/workers/' }
}
```

## Contributing

Please take a moment to read our contributing guidelines if you haven't yet done so.

#### [CONTRIBUTING](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## License

#### [MIT](./LICENSE)

[npm]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/awesome-worker-loader.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.com/package/awesome-worker-loader

[node]: https://img.shields.io/node/v/awesome-worker-loader.svg
[node-url]: https://nodejs.org

[deps]: https://david-dm.org/steneva/awesome-worker-loader.svg
[deps-url]: https://david-dm.org/steneva/awesome-worker-loader

[tests]: 	https://github.com/steneva/awesome-worker-loader/workflows/test/badge.svg
[tests-url]: https://github.com/steneva/awesome-worker-loader/actions

[cover]: https://codecov.io/gh/steneva/awesome-worker-loader/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
[cover-url]: https://codecov.io/gh/webpack-contrib/worker-loader

[size]: https://packagephobia.now.sh/badge?p=awesome-worker-loader
[size-url]: https://packagephobia.now.sh/result?p=awesome-worker-loader

Commit message:

Add `regExp` property to options in order to allow n-th matched placeholders to work. (#2)
* Add `regExp` property to options in order to allow n-th matched placeholders to work.

* Add `regExp` option description to *readme.md*.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/webpack/webpack">
    <img width="200" height="200" src="https://webpack.js.org/assets/icon-square-big.svg">
  </a>
</div>

[![npm][npm]][npm-url]
[![node][node]][node-url]
[![deps][deps]][deps-url]
[![tests][tests]][tests-url]
[![size][size]][size-url]

# awesome-worker-loader

worker loader module for webpack

Forked from [worker-loader](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/worker-loader) due to repository inactivity.

Added shared and service worker support.

## Requirements

This module requires a minimum of Node v6.9.0 and Webpack v4.0.0.

## Getting Started

To begin, you'll need to install `awesome-worker-loader`:

```console
$ npm install awesome-worker-loader --save-dev
```

### Inlined

```js
// App.js
import Worker from 'awesome-worker-loader!./Worker.js';
```

### Config

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  module: {
    rules: [
      {
        test: /\.worker\.js$/,
        use: { loader: 'awesome-worker-loader' }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

```js
// App.js
import Worker from './file.worker.js';

const worker = new Worker();

worker.postMessage({ a: 1 });
worker.onmessage = function (event) {};

worker.addEventListener("message", function (event) {});
```

And run `webpack` via your preferred method.

## Options

### `regExp`

Type: `RegExp`
Default: `undefined`

The regular expression to match if, for instance, you want to use the n-th matched placeholder.

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: {
      name: '[1].js',
      regExp: /(worker1|worker2)\.worker\.js$/
  },
}
```

This will result in the name of the output script being "worker1.js" or "worker2.js" (whichever is matched);

### `type`

Type: `string`
Default: `dedicated`
Values: `dedicated` | `shared` | `service`

Use a different worker type, i.e 'shared'

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { type: 'shared' }
}
```

### `fallback`

Type: `Boolean`
Default: `false`

Require a fallback for non-worker supporting environments

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { fallback: false }
}
```

### `inline`

Type: `Boolean`
Default: `false`

You can also inline the worker as a BLOB with the `inline` parameter

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { inline: true }
}
```

_Note: Inline mode will also create chunks for browsers without support for
inline workers, to disable this behavior just set `fallback` parameter as
`false`._

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { inline: true, fallback: false }
}
```

### `name`

Type: `String`
Default: `[hash].worker.js`

To set a custom name for the output script, use the `name` parameter. The name
may contain the string `[hash]`, which will be replaced with a content dependent
hash for caching purposes. When using `name` alone `[hash]` is omitted.

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { name: 'WorkerName.[hash].js' }
}
```

### publicPath

Type: `String`
Default: `null`

Overrides the path from which worker scripts are downloaded. If not specified,
the same public path used for other webpack assets is used.

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { publicPath: '/scripts/workers/' }
}
```

## Examples

The worker file can import dependencies just like any other file:

```js
// Worker.js
const _ = require('lodash')

const obj = { foo: 'foo' }

_.has(obj, 'foo')

// Post data to parent thread
self.postMessage({ foo: 'foo' })

// Respond to message from parent thread
self.addEventListener('message', (event) => console.log(event))
```

### Integrating with ES2015 Modules

_Note: You can even use ES2015 Modules if you have the
[`babel-loader`](https://github.com/babel/babel-loader) configured._

```js
// Worker.js
import _ from 'lodash'

const obj = { foo: 'foo' }

_.has(obj, 'foo')

// Post data to parent thread
self.postMessage({ foo: 'foo' })

// Respond to message from parent thread
self.addEventListener('message', (event) => console.log(event))
```

### Integrating with TypeScript

To integrate with TypeScript, you will need to define a custom module for the exports of your worker

```typescript
// typings/custom.d.ts
declare module "worker-loader!*" {
  class WebpackWorker extends Worker {
    constructor();
  }

  export default WebpackWorker;
}
```

```typescript
// Worker.ts
const ctx: Worker = self as any;

// Post data to parent thread
ctx.postMessage({ foo: "foo" });

// Respond to message from parent thread
ctx.addEventListener("message", (event) => console.log(event));
```

```typescript
// App.ts
import Worker from "worker-loader!./Worker";

const worker = new Worker();

worker.postMessage({ a: 1 });
worker.onmessage = (event) => {};

worker.addEventListener("message", (event) => {});
```

### Cross-Origin Policy

[`WebWorkers`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API)
are restricted by a
[same-origin policy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Same-origin_policy), so if
your `webpack` assets are not being served from the same origin as your
application, their download may be blocked by your browser. This scenario can
commonly occur if you are hosting your assets under a CDN domain. Even downloads
from the `webpack-dev-server` could be blocked. There are two workarounds:

Firstly, you can inline the worker as a blob instead of downloading it as an
external script via the [`inline`](#inline) parameter

```js
// App.js
import Worker from './file.worker.js';
```

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { inline: true }
}
```

Secondly, you may override the base download URL for your worker script via the
[`publicPath`](#publicpath) option

```js
// App.js
// This will cause the worker to be downloaded from `/workers/file.worker.js`
import Worker from './file.worker.js';
```

```js
// webpack.config.js
{
  loader: 'awesome-worker-loader',
  options: { publicPath: '/workers/' }
}
```

## Contributing

Please take a moment to read our contributing guidelines if you haven't yet done so.

#### [CONTRIBUTING](./.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## License

#### [MIT](./LICENSE)

[npm]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/awesome-worker-loader.svg
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.com/package/awesome-worker-loader

[node]: https://img.shields.io/node/v/awesome-worker-loader.svg
[node-url]: https://nodejs.org

[deps]: https://david-dm.org/steneva/awesome-worker-loader.svg
[deps-url]: https://david-dm.org/steneva/awesome-worker-loader

[tests]: 	https://github.com/steneva/awesome-worker-loader/workflows/test/badge.svg
[tests-url]: https://github.com/steneva/awesome-worker-loader/actions

[cover]: https://codecov.io/gh/steneva/awesome-worker-loader/branch/master/graph/badge.svg
[cover-url]: https://codecov.io/gh/webpack-contrib/worker-loader

[size]: https://packagephobia.now.sh/badge?p=awesome-worker-loader
[size-url]: https://packagephobia.now.sh/result?p=awesome-worker-loader
